Skills • R • Python • SAP HANA • Tableau • SAP HANA SQL • SAP HANA PAL • MS SQL • SAP Lumira • C# • Linear Programming • Data Modelling • Advance Analytics • SCM Analytics • Retail Analytics •Social Media Analytics • NLP Education Details 
January 2017 to January 2018 PGDM Business Analytics  Great Lakes Institute of Management & Illinois Institute of Technology
January 2013 Bachelor of Engineering Electronics and Communication Bengaluru, Karnataka New Horizon College of Engineering, Bangalore Visvesvaraya Technological University
Data Science Consultant 

Consultant - Deloitte USI
Skill Details 
LINEAR PROGRAMMING- Exprience - 6 months
RETAIL- Exprience - 6 months
RETAIL MARKETING- Exprience - 6 months
SCM- Exprience - 6 months
SQL- Exprience - Less than 1 year months
Deep Learning- Exprience - Less than 1 year months
Machine learning- Exprience - Less than 1 year months
Python- Exprience - Less than 1 year months
R- Exprience - Less than 1 year monthsCompany Details 
company - Deloitte USI
description - The project involved analysing historic deals and coming with insights to optimize future deals.
Role: Was given raw data, carried out end to end analysis and presented insights to client.
Key Responsibilities:
• Extract data from client systems across geographies.
• Understand and build reports in tableau. Infer meaningful insights to optimize prices and find out process blockades.
Technical Environment: R, Tableau.

Industry: Cross Industry
Service Area: Cross Industry - Products
Project Name: Handwriting recognition
Consultant: 3 months.
The project involved taking handwritten images and converting them to digital text images by object detection and sentence creation.
Role: I was developing sentence correction functionality.
Key Responsibilities:
• Gather data large enough to capture all English words
• Train LSTM models on words.
Technical Environment: Python.

Industry: Finance
Service Area: Financial Services - BI development Project Name: SWIFT
Consultant: 8 months.
The project was to develop an analytics infrastructure on top of SAP S/4, it would user to view
financial reports to respective departments. Reporting also included forecasting expenses.
Role: I was leading the offshore team.
Key Responsibilities:
• Design & Develop data models for reporting.
• Develop ETL for data flow
• Validate various reports.
Technical Environment: SAP HANA, Tableau, SAP AO.

Industry: Healthcare Analytics
Service Area: Life Sciences - Product development Project Name: Clinical Healthcare System
Consultant: 2 months.
The project was to develop an analytics infrastructure on top of Argus, it would allow users to query faster and provide advance analytics capabilities.
Role: I was involved from design to deploy phase, performed a lot of data restructuring and built
models for insights.
Key Responsibilities:
• Design & Develop data models for reporting.
• Develop and deploy analytical models.
• Validate various reports.
Technical Environment: Data Modelling, SAP HANA, Tableau, NLP.

Industry: FMCG
Service Area: Trade & Promotion
Project Name: Consumption Based Planning for Flowers Foods Consultant; 8 months.
The project involved setting up of CRM and CBP modules.
Role: I was involved in key data decomposition activities and setting up the base for future year
forecast. Over the course of the project I developed various models and carried out key
performance improvements.
Key Responsibilities:
• Design & Develop HANA models for decomposition.
• Develop data flow for forecast.
• Developed various views for reporting of Customer/Sales/Funds.
• Validate various reports in BOBJ.
Technical Environment: Data Modelling, SAP HANA, BOBJ, Time Series Forecasting.

Internal Initiative Industry: FMCG
Customer Segmentation and RFM analysis Consultant; 3 months.
The initiative involved setting up of HANA-Python interface and advance analytics on Python. Over the course I had successfully segmented data into five core segments using K-means and carried out RFM analysis in Python. Also developed algorithm to categorize any new customer under the defined buckets.
Technical Environment: Anaconda3, Python3.6, HANA SPS12

Industry: Telecom Invoice state detection Consultant; 1 months.
The initiative was to reduce the manual effort in verifying closed and open invoices manually, it
involved development to a decision tree to classify open/closed invoices. This enabled effort
reduction by 60%.
Technical Environment: R, SAP PAL, SAP HANA SPS12

Accenture Experience
Industry: Analytics - Cross Industry
In Process Analytics for SAP Senior Developer; 19 months.
Accenture Solutions Pvt. Ltd., India
The project involved development of SAP analytics tool - In Process Analytics (IPA) . My role was to develop database objects and data models to provide operational insights to clients.
Role: I have developed various Finance related KPIs and spearheaded various deployments.
Introduced SAP Predictive analytics to reduce development time and reuse functionalities for KPIs and prepared production planning reports.
Key Responsibilities:
• Involved in information gather phase.
• Designed and implemented SAP HANA data modelling using Attribute View, Analytic View, and
Calculation View.
• Developed various KPI's individually using complex SQL scripts in Calculation views.
• Created procedures in HANA Database.
• Took ownership and developed Dashboard functionality.
• Involved in building data processing algorithms to be executed in R server for cluster analysis.
Technical Environment: R, SAP HANA, T-SQL.
Industry: Cross Industry
Accenture Testing Accelerator for SAP Database Developer; 21 months.
Accenture Solutions Pvt. Ltd., India
Role: I have taken care of all development activities for the ATAS tool and have also completed
various deployments of the product.
Apart from these activities I was also actively involved in maintenance of the database servers
(Production & Quality)
Key Responsibilities:
• Analyzing business requirements, understanding the scope, getting requirements clarified
interacting with business and further transform all requirements to generate attribute
mapping documents and reviewing mapping specification documentation
• Create / Update database objects like tables, views, stored procedures, function, and packages
• Monitored SQL Server Error Logs and Application Logs through SQL Server Agent
• Prepared Data Flow Diagrams, Entity Relationship Diagrams using UML
• Responsible for Designing, developing and Normalization of database tables
• Experience in performance tuning using SQL profiler.
• Involved in QA, UAT, knowledge transfer and support activities
Technical Environment: SQL Server 2008/2014, Visual Studio 2010, Windows Server, Performance
Monitor, SQL Server Profiler, C#, PL-SQL, T-SQL.